# Replicantery

This game is part of MUD Coders' Guild Enter the MUD Jam 2020. The theme of the jam is Board Games, and this game is specifically inspired by social deception games in general.

The goal, if you are a human, is to uncover the replicant and avoid falsely accusing other humans.

The goal for replicants is to confuse and deceive the humans.

### TODOs

[x] Roles: 1) Replicant 2) Detective 3) Saboteur 4) Citizen (NPC-only)
[x] Assign role on login.
[x] Create event hooks for point gain or loss.
[x] Create event hook for death & respawn.
[x] Detectives can accuse.
[x] False accusations = lose points
[x] Correct accusations mean you kill the replicant and gain a point.
[x] Replicants can zap humans.
[x] Zap non-detective = lose point. Zap a detective = gain point.
[x] Detectives can scan other characters to see if they are replicants.
[x] Make the helper function a pure function, no callback.
[x] Use new helper function for old role commands.
[] Detective scanners have a cooldown/reveal effect on detective.
[] Replicant eye zaps have a cooldown/reveal effect on replicant (including rep. targets)
[] False accusers might(? if accuse saboteur) get killed.
[] False accusations disable scan/accuse for 30s.
[] Zapping will give away the replicants for 30s. (see glowing eyes, hear zap sound in adjacent rooms)
[] Different corpse items per role.
[] One character per account.
[] Global Leaderboard, per-role Leaderboard - on GameState

### About Ranvier

This game is based on Ranvier Tiny:

RanvierMUD Tiny is a barebones starter kit for people who "know what they're doing" and just want to have a telnet
connection, login, command parsing, and movement. There is almost nothing here which may be preferable for those that
know what they want and don't want to spend time tearing everything down before they can build it back up.

This setup includes account creation, multiplayer players per account, a _very_ basic command parser that understands
room exits and _exact_ command entry.  That is to say the player needs to type 'look' if they want to look, not 'l'.
This gives you freedom to do whatever kind of handling you want without any code to tear down.

There are exactly 2 commands included: look and quit and there is one starter area with 3 rooms to demonstrate that
movement actually works.

The basic command parser does not support skills or channels, if you're using this bundle you know what you're doing and
can decide how you want those to be parsed.  The input events for the login/character creation flow are nearly identical
to bundle-example-input-events but pared down to the bare minimum. There are no character classes. There is only one
default attribute: health.

### Installation

```bash
git clone --recursive https://github.com/ranviermud/tiny
cd tiny
npm install
git submodule foreach npm install
```

### Special Thanks

valtrexman
Ranviermud Slack
MUD Coders Guild
